who am I you sure you want to
know if somebody told you I was just
your average ordinary guy not a care in
the
world somebody
[Music]
lied truth is it wasn't always like this
there was a time when life was a lot
less complicated can I take your picture
for the school paper
sure in this lab we have Genetically
Enhanced super spiders there's 14 one's
[Music]
missing Peter are you all
right I'm fine Pete look you're
changing I know I went through exactly
the same thing at your
age no not
[Music]
exactly
wow Peter may I introduce my father
Norman osbor great honor to meet you sir
Harry tells me you're quite the science
wiiz you know I'm something of a
scientist
myself what the hell was
that whatever it is somebody has to stop
it with great power comes great r
responsibility this is my gift wow it is
my curse who are you who am
I I'm
Spider-Man do I get to say thank you
this
[Music]
time
you do too much you're not Superman you
know